Better "Using the Wallet SDK" content (#75)
FuelLabs/docs: src/v1.0.0/2. Getting Started/0. Using the Wallet SDK.md

</script>
```

Creating a Wallet
---
The Fuel wallet can be used with or without a standard `web3` or `ethers` provider. The provider will be used for account signing or any Ethereum related actions, such as deposits and withdrawals.

If an override `privateKey` is not specified, the first `account` given by the provider will be used.

> If an Ethereum `network` is not specified (e.g. `rinkeby`), it will be requested from the `provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Ethereum `network` is not specified (e.g. `rinkeby`), it will be requested from the provider.
```

```js
import fuel from '@fueljs/wallet';

// no provider, privateKey is generated
const wallet = fuel.wallet(null);

// web3 provider, first account used, network gathered from provider
const wallet = fuel.wallet(window.web3.currentProvider);

// provider with override privateKey and network specified
const wallet = fuel.wallet(window.web3.currentProvider, {
  privateKey: fuel.utils.hexlify(fuel.utils.randomBytes(32)),
  network: 'rinkeby',
});
```

Fauceting
---

> All Fuel test networks have a token Faucet that will disperse fake tokens to requesting accounts (within several seconds to minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Fuel test networks have a token faucet that will dispense fake tokens to requesting accounts (within several seconds to minutes).
```

> The faucet will disperse `1000` `faucetTokens`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The faucet will dispense `1000` `faucetTokens`.
```

The faucet test token identifier will always be available in `fuel.contants.faucetToken`.

```js
import fuel from '@fueljs/wallet';

// new wallet
const wallet = fuel.wallet(null, {
  network: 'rinkeby',
});

// faucet fake tokens
await wallet.faucet();

// check your balance
console.log('my balance: ', await wallet.balance(fuel.constants.faucetToken));
```

Depositing
---

> You can deposit ERC20 tokens or Ether into Fuel by using the `deposit` method. Simply specify the `token`, and `amount` to deposit.
> 
> Because Fuel uses Ethereum key pairs, this process can be done directly with your provided MetaMask account, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deposit ERC-20 tokens or Ether into Fuel by using the `deposit` method. Simply specify the `token` and `amount` to deposit. Since Fuel uses Ethereum key pairs, this process can be done directly with your provided MetaMask account, for example.
```

> The deposit method will make two Ethereum transactions, entering your funds into Fuel, making them accessible for Fuel activites (e.g. `transfers` and `swaps`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deposit` method will make two Ethereum transactions, depositing your funds into Fuel and making them accessible for Fuel activities (e.g. transfers and swaps).
```

Transferring
---

Now that you have funds in Fuel, either by `deposit` or `faucet` you can begin to transfer them around.

> Let's try transferring `1` Fuel token to our own wallet `address` and check the submission for its `transactionId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's try transferring `1` Fuel token to our own wallet address and check the submission by its transaction ID.
```

(async () => {

  await wallet.faucet();

  // transfer one faucet token to our own wallet
  const { transactionId } = await wallet.transfer(
    fuel.constants.faucetToken,
    wallet.address,
    fuel.utils.parseEther('1.0'));

  console.log('view my transaction: https://rinkeby.fuel.sh/tx/' + transactionId);

})();
```

Withdrawing
---

> Currently, the Fuel wallet only supports long withdrawal, which means you will send an initial withdraw transaction first, than release it anytime after the finality period of 1 week.
> 
> In order to release the tokens on Ethereum, you must have some Ether for the transaction.
> 
> In the future, the wallet will support fast withdrawal via HTLC, where total withdraw time can be reduced safely to as little as 5-10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Fuel wallet only supports standard withdrawals, which means you will send an initial withdraw transaction on Fuel first, than release it after the finality delay of 1 week has expired. In the future, the wallet will support fast withdrawals via atomic swaps, where total withdraw time can be reduced safely to as little as 5-10 minutes.

In order to release the tokens on Ethereum, you must have some Ether for the transaction.
```
